TODO: 
1. Expired events page should not be load (done)
2. Add filter to the admin side 
3. Checkbox needs to be handle perfectly.
4. Reduce image size and upload again for categories 
5. Pop up box needs to be added.
6. change the design of the pop up box.
7. redirection issues needs to be solved.
8. check events add and edit options. 
9. Check each page of client vendor admin and make necessary additions. 


Issues :
1. Even If Show End Date is false still showing end date 
2. What's on from the homepage to upcoming events which are show in calender
3. Calender to be change to the redirection link
4. give a scroll animation 
5. If possible give a datalist option in the search 
6. Event page what's on change to the datewise events listing
7. Give a random event order 
8. If event is archived or expired then it should not be visible to the user 

Theme cyber security
Events on that theme


1. Search Events functionality (done)
17. Edit event crop feature modification (done)
6. Link subscribe to newletter api with the frontend (done)
7. Call now button showing same number (done)

23. Remove everything from the internal testing and push everything into client testing 
13. On the server add timzone as muscat oman

CLIENT
2. Alignment of the events for the homepage
18. Adding sliding arrows everywhere dynamic and beautifull
25. Remove local storage setting and add query redirection for login 
11. Check distance filter is right or wrong
12. Modify events fetch apis with the new date thing
16. Add to calender feature modification as per dynamic date
24. Sign in and Sign up functionality with token expiration redirection 
9. Mobile screen footer navigation

ADMIN
21. latest one -> On the homepage there should only 5 events and 5 offers and 5 vendors 5 users
26. For admin add redirection to email if it is expirying someting 
28. give option to view the cr pdf 
22. Admin screens ui developement
22. Admin setting option to set all the fields which are defined 
8. Give option for admin to edit the number and social media links
27. Vendor profile modification in the admin side

VENDOR
19. Additional images is not working (not done)
14. While adding event add timzone as muscat oman


3. Change google credentials to muscatwhereto.com 
4. Change facebook credentials to muscatwhereto.com
5. Error Page when server is offline or any runtime error happens (not done)
10. Remove stream chat components and code
20. categories serial ordering (not now)
15. Give title to the google information window use title short description and photo (not now)

- The search option should include vendor name (homepage)
- The calendar is not showing accurate date (filter)
- Archive events filter needs to be added 
- Pagination needs to be added
- Muscat where to title will become white in dark mode. (done)
- The wordings need to be reworked on admin panel and vendor panel.

