create a search query function route

[x] create a category controllers
[x] create a offer controllers

[Y] get max6 categories have the most offers in descending order 
[Y] get eve and there offer count should be greater than equal to 1
[Y] get datewise categories count data 
[] get max 3 upcoming events date query
[Y] upcoming view all link it to the events  
[] createa a category of ediors pick
[Y] link view all to the category/event page
[] show active offer only in the get offers 
[] scroll to top function
[] need to talk button routing
[] whatsapp no linking

0. Clear database for events offers users (categories OK)
1. loading screen to all pages
2. Complete backend apis
3. Complete vendor side with proper date and time
4. correct event apis
5. make better folder structure
6. whatever you are showing make sure it should only have a incoming or current offers
7. calender events
8. filter option
9. Add to Favorites
10. QR code

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Login screen --->
1. Show back button to come on the Homepage
2. google sign in
3. facebook sign in 
4. 


Events Page --->
Show no events available for categories having no events (done)
give it a scroll option make it overflow after 3 lines 
look for responsiveness (partially done)
Trending in muscat
Add filter 
Add searching events datewise 
Add to favorite option 
show skeleton for events loading first time


ADD PAYMENT GATEWAY

Ticket status page -->
1. show like button neatly
2. View ticket make it perfect use image if want 
3. show neat qrcode in white


steps: 
create a book ticket controller (done)
take all data from the frontend to that controller (done)
create a session into that controller (done)
give url as a response and also status and other things (done)
from the frontend redirect it to the checkout page


ADD CHAT engine

event with no alloted seats

events with no payment (price)
event with optional time


---------------------------------------------------
Contact us ---> 
1. Create loading icon when we are submitting details
2. Add validation correctly (done)
3. Give a success response once msg has been sent (done)
4. Link all the social media icons
5. whatsapp linking

Homepage -->
changed date type to epoch timestamp
1. Get searchbar working
2. get categories data with the total active events (done)
3. show all the upcoming events on the show on map 
4. Modify upcoming events api such a way that it should show events of that day only (done)
5. Create a new category of editors pick (done)
6. show all the active offers (partially done)
7. create a scroll to top (done)
8. link whatsapp number 
9. Start integrating chatbot
10. Link footer to the site 
11. Change offer to date (discussion)


About Us --->
1. scroll to top button

Event Description page --->
0. After time changed in vendor side change here also 
1. Make alignment proper (done)
2. Link view on map to the cordinates (partially done)
3. Add to Favorites (done)
4. add share option (not done)
5. upcoming events in the crown plaza (partially done)
6. offers on the crown plaza (partially done)
7. like button (partially done)
8. Contact us redirect to the whatsapp number of the vendor (done)
9. make call option work for the vendor number
10. make like option red and unred

Book seat Page --->
3. add validation (done)
5. If any field is remaining dont show the ticket price (done)
4. This values should be prefilled by getting user from the store (done)
2. create a controller in the backend 
1. fetch this page from the backend (no)


Add ticketid into the user document when ticket is getting booked
retrive that data when showing past purchase events
add ticketid into it 
redirect it there






Admin login 
- change login user api
- give validation if role is user or not
- check the work flow after done


Home-->
Login-logout issue resolve
Searchbar working properly redirect it to the whereto events page
Show daywise events and when I click on any day show all the events of that day
Apply skeleton view for this
Show calender option
show like button
show offers cards and when someone clicks on that card redirect him to the events page
subscribe to out newsletter
Make mobile view better (reduce card size, reduce banner, make proper searchbar)
make proper settings in App view for bottom navbar 
Add animations for skeleton view and searchbar

About -->
Change Image for about section

Contact Us -->
Add notification to the admin when someone fill info to the contact us

Profile -->
Show saved cards
Show mobile view for profile
clear saved cards 
Update user profile
Handle undefined values

Events -->
Show 3 events in a row 
show 3 rows at max then scroll bar
Add filter by category
Add live search bar
Add trending events
Add datewise events
Add to favorite 
Show events on map
Show in list view or in grid view

Event Description -->
Show Event photo size in a fixed manner
Show Contact us option the way they said
Show share option after clicking on share option link for this event should get copied
after clicking on call icon number should get visible
Add to calender option
Add to favorites 
Likes button
Show location for the event
Show upcoming events
show upcoming offers
show download banner 

Venue Description -->
Show the location of the vanue on the google map
Show all the events happening on the venue
Show the events which are of same categories which user have purchased earlieer if user haventt purchased anything then show the eents whose tickets are getting sold faster
After clicking on show more button more events will get showed on the page

Favorites -->
Show all the favorite events of the user the upcoming event first and expired event should be at last
user can also remove this events from favorites by clicking on the red heart

Book Seat -->
same form will be there for book seat 
Create a backend api to get the data for the user and image of seating map
prefill some field and also show only those options which vendor has created to do the same
If event has no price then dont redirect him to the payment gateway
If event has price then redirect him to the payment gateway and then after successfull payment allot seats which you want to allot
Make a proper validation for the form 
Same page will be there for the offers 
Send invoice and mail about the event booked
send notification to the vendor that your event has got booked
send notification to the user that event has been successfully booked

FAQ -->
Create FAQ dynamic
Give admin access to add and delete FAQ
Chat with us button redirect to the chat screen

Past-Purchased -->
Show pastpurchased events first upcoming then expired
after clicking on the event he can look his ticket which he booked
Apply filter option 

Help -->
Chat bot integration
Only logged in user can access this chatbot setting

wheretomap -->
Show all the upcoming events on the wheretomap

Vendor Home -->
Add Event 
Add Offer 
Ongoing events should be coursel view 
if he clicks on view all then he will redirect to the hosted events page
if he clicks on the event on the home page he will redirect to the event description
Ongoing offers also having same functionality like events

Booked Tickets -->
Show all the booked tickets
Apply filters 
Show booked seats count
Extract data into the excel or pdf 
Cancel option for the tickets
If he cancels the ticket then refund will get initiated 
If he cancels the ticket user will get notification

Hosted Events --> 
Show all the ongoig upcoming events on the hosted events page
show all the ongoging upcoming offers also on the hosted events page
Add filter 

Event description -->
Same as client side
Edit event modal
redirect to the booked seats 

Notification center -->
Show all the notification in a decending order
Clear notification button deleting offers
Take confirmation from the user that he have to delete the offer or 

Vendor profile -->
same as client side profile page

Ticket status -->
show the ticket status as pending if no payment is done
view ticket option show the ticket card for it 
Configure it for mobile screens 